README.md, before:

![Byte Lounge](Banner.png)
# Hacking-Resources

## Youtube Channels 

Channel | Description
---- | ----
[Andy](https://www.youtube.com/c/rot169/featured)  |Developing intermediate-level skills.
[IppSec](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA)  |Walkthroughs on retired machines on the HackTheBox website.
[John Hammond](https://www.youtube.com/c/JohnHammond010/featured)  |Tutorials on programming languages and other hacking related subjects.
[LiveOverFlow](https://www.youtube.com/c/LiveOverflowCTF/featured)  |Capture the Flag write up's and hardware security research channel.
[NetworkChuck](https://www.youtube.com/user/NetworkChuck)  |Everything IT related, this channel is involved in.
[The Cyber Mentor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0ArlFuFYMpEewyRBzdLHiw) |Helpful guides and tutorials that include indepth knowledge on certain subject matters.

## Books
Book | Description
---- | ----
[Ghost In The Wires](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Ghost-Wires-Adventures-Worlds-Wanted/dp/0316212180/ref=pd_lpo_14_t_0/259-3728016-4807561?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=0316212180&pd_rd_r=cf00ab8b-e8a8-4087-b816-0733ac6b3fb4&pd_rd_w=24sfq&pd_rd_wg=xCYPW&pf_rd_p=7b8e3b03-1439-4489-abd4-4a138cf4eca6&pf_rd_r=S5KN85JHQC1BYWVH6FNK&psc=1&refRID=S5KN85JHQC1BYWVH6FNK)  |Kevin's Mitnick account when he was on the run from the FBI.
[Hacking: The Art of Exploitation](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Hacking-Art-Exploitation-Jon-Erickson/dp/1593271441)  |A bit outdated but definitely should be in any hackers aresnal, with working examples and tutorials on hacking.
[Penetration Testing – A Hands-On Introduction to Hacking](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Penetration-Testing-Hands-Introduction-Hacking/dp/1593275641/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=&sr=)  |Book about core skills and techniques that all hackers should have.
[Red Team Field Manual](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Rtfm-Red-Team-Field-Manual/dp/1494295504)  |It is very handy and cheap but very effective and informative as well. It contains 90 pages of commands for Windows, Linux, Nmap, SQLMAP, VPN and more.
[The Cuckoo's Egg](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Cuckoos-Egg-Tracking-Computer-Espionage/dp/1416507787)  | It is his first-person account of the hunt for a computer hacker who broke into a computer at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL).
[The Hacker Playbook 3](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Hacker-Playbook-Practical-Penetration-Testing/dp/1980901759)  |This book is for those stepping up their penetration testing game or understand how advanced adversaries think and act. 

##  Websites
Website | Description
---- | ----
[HackTheBox](https://www.hackthebox.eu/)  |HTB is an online platform allowing you to test your penetration testing skills and exchange ideas and methodologies with thousands of people in the security field.
[TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/)  |TryHackMe is an online platform for learning cyber security, using hands-on exercises and labs!
[OverTheWire](https://overthewire.org/wargames/)  |The wargames offered by the OverTheWire community can help you to learn and practice security concepts in the form of fun-filled games.
[HackerOne](https://www.hackerone.com/)  |HackerOne is a vulnerability coordination and bug bounty platform.
[CTFtime](https://ctftime.org/)  |CTF archive with a rating system as well.
[CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/)  |CyberChef is a free service that you may use locally or online to convert, parse or carry out well over 100 different operations.

Commit message:

Added online courses and title for con

README.md, after:

![Byte Lounge](Banner.png)

# A list of resources that is applicable to hackers, pentesters and security personnel.

If you would like to contribute, please follow this [link](Contribution Guidelines.md) 

## Youtube Channels 

Channel | Description
---- | ----
[Andy](https://www.youtube.com/c/rot169/featured)  |Developing intermediate-level skills.
[IppSec](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA)  |Walkthroughs on retired machines on the HackTheBox website.
[John Hammond](https://www.youtube.com/c/JohnHammond010/featured)  |Tutorials on programming languages and other hacking related subjects.
[LiveOverFlow](https://www.youtube.com/c/LiveOverflowCTF/featured)  |Capture the Flag write up's and hardware security research channel.
[NetworkChuck](https://www.youtube.com/user/NetworkChuck)  |Everything IT related, this channel is involved in.
[The Cyber Mentor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0ArlFuFYMpEewyRBzdLHiw) |Helpful guides and tutorials that include indepth knowledge on certain subject matters.

## Books
Book | Description
---- | ----
[Ghost In The Wires](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Ghost-Wires-Adventures-Worlds-Wanted/dp/0316212180/ref=pd_lpo_14_t_0/259-3728016-4807561?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=0316212180&pd_rd_r=cf00ab8b-e8a8-4087-b816-0733ac6b3fb4&pd_rd_w=24sfq&pd_rd_wg=xCYPW&pf_rd_p=7b8e3b03-1439-4489-abd4-4a138cf4eca6&pf_rd_r=S5KN85JHQC1BYWVH6FNK&psc=1&refRID=S5KN85JHQC1BYWVH6FNK)  |Kevin's Mitnick account when he was on the run from the FBI.
[Hacking: The Art of Exploitation](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Hacking-Art-Exploitation-Jon-Erickson/dp/1593271441)  |A bit outdated but definitely should be in any hackers aresnal, with working examples and tutorials on hacking.
[Penetration Testing – A Hands-On Introduction to Hacking](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Penetration-Testing-Hands-Introduction-Hacking/dp/1593275641/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=&sr=)  |Book about core skills and techniques that all hackers should have.
[Red Team Field Manual](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Rtfm-Red-Team-Field-Manual/dp/1494295504)  |It is very handy and cheap but very effective and informative as well. It contains 90 pages of commands for Windows, Linux, Nmap, SQLMAP, VPN and more.
[The Cuckoo's Egg](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Cuckoos-Egg-Tracking-Computer-Espionage/dp/1416507787)  | It is his first-person account of the hunt for a computer hacker who broke into a computer at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL).
[The Hacker Playbook 3](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Hacker-Playbook-Practical-Penetration-Testing/dp/1980901759)  |This book is for those stepping up their penetration testing game or understand how advanced adversaries think and act. 

##  Websites
Website | Description
---- | ----
[HackTheBox](https://www.hackthebox.eu/)  |HTB is an online platform allowing you to test your penetration testing skills and exchange ideas and methodologies with thousands of people in the security field.
[TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/)  |TryHackMe is an online platform for learning cyber security, using hands-on exercises and labs!
[OverTheWire](https://overthewire.org/wargames/)  |The wargames offered by the OverTheWire community can help you to learn and practice security concepts in the form of fun-filled games.
[HackerOne](https://www.hackerone.com/)  |HackerOne is a vulnerability coordination and bug bounty platform.
[CTFtime](https://ctftime.org/)  |CTF archive with a rating system as well.
[CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/)  |CyberChef is a free service that you may use locally or online to convert, parse or carry out well over 100 different operations.
[HackTheBox Academy](https://academy.hackthebox.eu/)  |Cyber security training with hands-on exercises and labs made by Hack The Box.

##  Online Courses
Courses | Description
[Practical Ethical Hacking](https://www.udemy.com/course/practical-ethical-hacking/)  |The Cyber Mentor ethical hacking course.
[Learn Ethical Hacking From Scratch](https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-ethical-hacking-from-scratch/)  |Become an ethical hacker that can hack computer systems like black hat hackers and secure them like security experts.
